ah sometimes I just I get tired of the
go go go lifestyle I just want to get
comfortable put on an old hat grab some
big league
shw and mosy on down to Bratislava with
a truck load of Widgets or should I say
mosa on down since they paid the bills
for this sick Trucking rig and I know
what you're thinking Euro Truck
Simulator really but at the time of
filming this 12-year-old game was ranked
number 26 on Steam by active player
count and you know what I want to see
what all the fuss is about so join me as
we trade our high octane gasoline for
diesel and hit the open
road the R3 racing bundle from mosa is
their first officially licensed Xbox set
you get this aluminum steering wheel
with a direct drive wheelbase steel gas
and brake pedals and a desk clamp of
course the main attraction for us is the
ability to customize it both in software
with their mobile and PC apps and in
Hardware with their expansive ecosystem
of sim goodies of course we can't really
get to any of that until we have a base
to build around and for that we've
chosen the GT Elite light wheel plate
Edition from Next Level racing we wanted
something that was easy to use
reasonably lightweight but sturdy and
adaptable it's made of aluminum
Extrusion and just want to shout out
next level racing who were like we got
you fam when we asked them to send this
over this is going to be a really good
starting point for us some assembly is
definitely required but at least we get
to skip a couple of steps because we
won't need the adjustable pedal Mount
that changes the angle here since we
want a more upright flat trucker seating
profile uh question for you guys is
there a reason this is dirty as all heck
uh yeah I was living in labs for a
couple weeks while I was testing
everything out and then between me using
it and everyone else it kind of got a
little dirty ah okay well that's a good
sign when it's fun enough that it's not
clean anymore for its big ship
day now the Keen ey among you probably
noticed that the R3 bundle we said we
were using doesn't have a clutch pedal
but ours does that's because adding on
to our R3 is as simple as grabbing one
of these SRP clutch pedals moving
everything over and and you're Off to
the Races or deliveries as it were all
three of our pedals feature High
Precision hall effect sensors and on top
of changing the layout you can change
the configuration adjusting the output
curves of the pedals in their software
since we were down here by the way we
also added their mosa Performance Kit to
the brake pedal I mean don't get me
wrong they're good out of the box but
this gives the brake a bit more of a
realistic progressive resistance we're
going to have links to all this stuff in
the description by the
way now it's time to mount our our
wheelbase to our Shelf the R3 base
offers 3.9 Newton me of torque and has
broad compatibility on PC with presets
for many of your favorite Xbox racing
and Sim games wouldn't have minded if
more than two of the screws fit the
cheese plate but seems like it's on
there pretty good right that's not going
anywhere oh yeah that's not going
anywhere now normally you'd Mount this
really at any height you want but you'd
aim to have it around level with the
ground but for us we're going to tilt it
a little bit back to get more of an
authentic big rig feel
uh what are you guys thinking for height
uh when I was testing I had a straight
vertical
what shut up not even joking okay I'm
super into it let's do it all right all
right should we put it on the ground to
determine height here what do you guys
think what do we do the seat first oh no
I've heard about this seat there's this
company called vivor as far as I can
tell their product portfolio is made up
of whatever the hell we felt like making
I mean they've got everything from
ultrasonic cleaners to kind of dangerous
sounding High Press compressors anyway
uh this is oh wow the base of the seat I
guess yes here's the rest of it oh boy
so here's how it works you adjust the
tension with this little lever right
here depending on your weight
and it's like uh you put the seat on it
calibrate it and then it kind of bounces
uh yeah I couldn't exactly figure it out
either um as far as I could tell is once
you had your tension set you just lift
the seat up and it gets locked into the
sprung position okay and then when you
sit on it you kind of just like bounce
up and down a little how does this Mount
uh so we got to pull these screws off on
the side here sure and then we're just
going to Huck it on there Huck it on
there stop some bolts in okay now
technically this is designed to go in a
forklift or in a tractor but we just
kind of liked the vibe you know like
it's got an authentic feel that money
just can't buy did we really have to buy
this Jake kind of went crazy on the
purchasing oh it was Jake yeah I knew it
is just under his purchase approval
limit that's why I didn't know about it
oh am I able to just slide this on there
or what yep that's all it is okay you
ready Jordan yep help me line it up oh
that was going to
watch I was ready to watch not to help
okay hey nice see look at that great oh
yeah now what's this lifting business we
got to do yeah guess we got to bring her
down now what is with the size of this
seat how is that adult size oh oh so you
see it just disengaged and now you lift
it back up and it locks back in yeah but
it doesn't it doesn't
spring well you got to be heavy enough
to make it spring Let's Get You On
It
quality okay oh I guess now is a good
time to take a closer look at our wheel
too so it just goes on with a little
there you go twisty on like that and
okay this is this is quite vertical is
it
oh yeah okay yeah I see it 22
programmable buttons paddle shifters
going to have to lose those immediately
but I do like the radio button uh
breaker breaker we've got a yeah I don't
know trucker lingo
crap there she
is oh God you were rolling on that all
right well
anyway oh oh we're going to need a
screen we got that oh hey look at that
it's a Justin he's just in time I bet
he's never heard that before either no
never for our displays we chose what we
had lying around in the warehouse from
LTX that's not what Jordan wrote in here
but I'm pretty sure that's the real
reason anyway it's a TCL S Series 4K 55
S4 something something the point is it's
great bang for the buck at 350 Canadian
rubles with low input leg entry level
HDR okay it's 60 hurts but realistically
do we need High refresh rate for
Trucking does this seem a little high oh
I mean no I get right it's all about and
find out right right right it's it's
trucker ergonomics so I'm looking H
actually no it might need to oh how hard
is it for it to come down a few inches
it ises not oh good let's do that then
okay come down a couple more inches I
would
say Jordan I mean that's not bad
actually did I say Jordan Justin you did
days around here well look I just I've
been called worse used to yelling at him
it's like with kids like occasionally
you'll just be yelling at one of the
kids and no matter who's in trouble you
just say the name of the biggest
Troublemaker oh yeah that's good hold it
there hold
it back it up back it
up all right what you don't want
immersiveness Jordan I don't want to
punch the window now you're probably
wondering about the system that we're
using to power such an awesome looking
Sim rig and well it's whatever we found
in storage it's a a star Forge pre-built
that with a 12900 KF and a 3080 TI is
more than enough to handle Euro Truck
Simulator based on these minimum system
requirements our pal at Logitech sent
over g515 tkl wireless keyboard and a
pro X2 super light wireless mouse um
this setup is not the most optimal for
this kind of keyboard and mouse
realistically their little like
integrated trackpad combo thing might
have been a better choice but hey're
we're going to make this work launch it
you cannot move freely about the world
because you don't have a truck I tried
to buy us a truck but Tanner put us into
debt okay I sort by price I mean yeah
how about ice cream all right uh who
doesn't like ice cream offer expires in
5 minutes like is this in real time yes
like these are real jobs like in the
game world yeah
yeah what don't let anyone down God no
pressure wait what There She Goes going
yeah but I'm not I I didn't put it I uh
oh well I didn't use the clutch I guess
I don't need it hey cool it's time to
make a delivery use the route advisor to
see where you are and where you need to
go there's more gears than one by the
way I yeah well I'm in the I'm in the
parking lot Jordan it also red lines at
2,000 RPM so you don't really got a lot
to work with oh wow yeah how about that
oh my goodness also there's a gate there
I mean yeah but like I'm A semi- TRU
what does a gate mean to me oh okay
apparently a lock
not even a scratch on it look at that
that's incredible we're on the open road
boys we're
Trucking yes indeed we're Trucking okay
this really feels like a hack with all
of this paddle shifting though well we
do have a shifter right here I mean come
on please oh that's that's not quite
your style hang on hang on oh Bo jeez
why are you trying to distract me here
I'm driving boys oh God which way am I
going how do I signal oh we're I know I
know what you said which way am I going
I asked how to signal I know which way
I'm going oh God which way am I going oh
God which way am I going how about this
oh no way yeah yeah that's more like it
wow where did we get this it's from SIM
panel oh and then the custom length rod
and adapter were made by me oh right on
this is great so what we just take the
knob off of this one
I got you
wow
wow oh dude buddy wow that is so
cool um hm that might be a little far
yeah it's okay we don't use seventh
anyways it's fine oh okay sure okay yeah
let's go right there do we have a base
yes well he doing that let's give you a
keyboard stand oh that would be really
useful is that in the notes am I
supposed to say anything about it it is
in the notes somewhere okay it's a
keyboard stand from Next Level oh it's
from Next Level there you go is there a
reason we didn't put that on in the
first place cuz you wanted to do a zle
set up first oh well that's what you get
for listening to me I know right we
should know better by now
but that is a lot better now what all
right so this is the fun part now we got
to roll through all the gears Okay click
on the thing so you can select the
button joy for where it says joy button
14 click that right okay so you just put
it into first yes no reverse oh bloody
and so you got to push down over yeah
there you go you got it I've driven the
stick
before
riveting uh I did not see if there were
any cars coming before I decided to
start making this turn I could really
use a bit of a wider field of view do we
have any more of these TVs handy we
might just go that way am I in third oh
fourth you're in fourth it says over
there as well uh yeah if that's easier
to read how am I only going 23 km an
hour you're very slow there's also a red
light coming up I mean it'll turn green
that's very confident have you I think
it's going to turn green I think it was
green oh dude you get a ticket you lost
80 what the heck yeah you think that's
funny Jordan you think that's funny oh
oh well I guess I better break oh my God
she takes a minute to stop oh okay yeah
we got to get some more TVs yeah I need
more TVs there's no way I can play this
with less than three TVs
no
unacceptable okay yeah that looks pretty
good to me close oh yeah bud oh yeah bud
I mean hold on a second Colin uh he does
his best can you lift it up a bit
up
up okay no no no I'll do it forget it
wow boy is that ever something okay we
can get these angles a little these
angles are not great I'm working on it
what you guys do over here I'm working
on it you're making it so much worse
Jordan no I'm not yes you are you can't
see what you're doing that's fair uh
okay that's good then you got to bring
the height down a little no
stop it's ever so slight you know what
it's good it's good it's good don't
touch it anymore mimer isn't going to
matter yeah it's
fine oh my God this is more like it
dude now I can see where I'm going let's
turn this bad boy on red light she's
yellow no no we could do a rolling stop
we could do a rolling stop okay hold on
rolling stop uh 80 EUR baby no what no
no no I I stopped I stopped I stopped
brother it was 80 no did said it yeah
where in the in the corner what no I no
you blew past the line man well yeah but
the line is I mean it's arbitrary it's
paint fun fact fact I failed my first
driving test road test for stopping past
stop lines I think four times I just see
them as more of a suggestion I mean I
can't see for past the thing without if
I not pulled out a little any more
monitors oh I'm taking this exit right
away okay dude I'm only going 37 km an
hour you're not very fast yeah what the
heck you're supposed to do 80 here it
says 80
yeah what am I in did I put it in
reverse oh we stalled it did I just kill
my car truck oh my God I'm going to have
to start on a hill I don't want to start
on a hill you're in E I'm an eighth oh
gosh darn it second all right there we
go there we go that's what I need second
second you've driven before right I
driven before never anything with gears
this short oh my God I'm supposed to be
going 100 that guy just about hit me
he's all over the road okay here we go
am I in seventh now okay I really don't
like the indicator on this one okay
buddy move move move move wait where am
I supposed to be going oh my God I'm
supposed to take this exit no no I got
this i got this i got this i got this
I'm just going to she's she's rev tur to
as she's revved a little high she's
revved a little high she's revved a
little high you got this okay uh which
way am I going I know oh my God I got to
go to the right okay this is where we
fail okay the road's optional the road's
optional uh what what probably like
Fifth Fifth or something am I in fifth
I'm in fifth oh man I think I landed I
think I landed the gear there so what
happens if I do hit someone I don't know
go for that tanker yeah I want the
tanker hey buddy get off the road that's
my ro oh
jeez the tree yep I found the tree let's
finish off the setup and we'll come back
to the missions
tomorrow boy this is quite the get up
where' you even find a belt with a big L
on it Amazon I love what you've done
with the cockpit though are these my
jars inde
why do I have so many can't stop
Trucking addicted to the shindig I guess
it's time for The Full Experience now oh
I thought we didn't get it okay in the
time we've been working on this mosa
released a truck wheel and we I was told
we didn't get it in time this is so cool
oh we upgraded the base as well I guess
the point of that is just more
modularity or or do you just need the
stronger base to account for the
additional don't need it but it gives
you more force feedback oh this is so
cool okay now you have some different
controls you're going to have to learn
you got to use your panel box now oh
Lordy so accessory one is going to be
your electronics on so now you can see
your dash it lights up now just turn the
key a little bit you don't have to hold
it and your engine's now fired up no way
how fun is that did you configure the
lights and Pie beams and stuff yeah yes
oh no way I could see it okay it's time
to really truck parking brake is on so
you got you got to pull your parking
brake no you got to pull it pull it says
pull to apply well that's backwards all
right map there still oh oh oh oh no way
oh the map's on a tablet yes oh that's
so cool it's running an app called
simhub where am I supposed to go um
unfortunately it actually doesn't give
you your GPS direction so you still have
to look at the one down to the car there
oh no way going the wrong oh I could
look at both Maps well no no I'm turning
around I'm turning around brother I
started out with man why is anybody
playing a Sim game about driving a truck
and now I'm sitting here in this rig and
I'm like heck yeah like this is freaking
awesome you're going left at the next
intersection yeah I'm going left at the
next intersection also feel free to skip
gears they do in real trucks anyways oh
really yes I mean and actually nine
times out of 10 when you're shifting
gears on a real truck you don't use the
clutch either what yes no way I'm joking
you're just rev match oh wow I mean I
won't be doing that but
sure
okay okay we're going straight to Fourth
we got a we got a signal can't see my
mirror well good luck everybody oh wow a
dick buddy but Hey where's the where's
the horn where's the horn I'm driving
here so I'm going to toggle this thing
and then I'm in eighth hey there there
we go okay I'm not in the lane but I'm
in the right gear going right oh you got
you got to tell me a little earlier son
I am a truck driver I go where the open
road leads me and I signal because I'm a
professional
driver this is incredible the only thing
it needs is like like a vibrating seat
that would be freaking awesome yeah that
wasn't in Jake's budget yeah you know
what's really wild
I feel so immersed in the game right now
that when I go to turn left or I go to
change lanes I want a shoulder check no
I'm I'm serious though like more screens
for that this is so cool approach the
entrance gate to get a clearance to
bring the cargo to a particular spot may
be a good time to adjust the marking the
spot where to stop the truck oh boy okay
well surely what could go wrong only
take a couple hours trailer Delivery
where do you need it let's play it safe
sorry I'm in a hurry now I think we got
to go where do you need
it
confirm proceed to unloading area oh man
no problem bud am I in Reverse um I'm in
Reverse right now yeah you do appear to
be and I stalled
it no the other way damn it You' backed
up before right yeah I have okay I used
to actually drive our our trailer all
the time I know this oh my God you know
what the issue is is it just takes so
long to correct I was turning it the
right way I just didn't account for how
ridiculously long it takes to course
correct my goodness how do people do
this okay no no no I got this i got this
Serenity
Now right you're in the wrong lane there
but dude I'm working on it oh God what
just happened you just hit a cow no I
hit no cow oh
I have an Innovative new idea okay they
can just go around to the back of the
truck and get
everything
okay okay here we go this is it we just
got to take her in for the
landing no no no no dang it dang it we
no no that's okay that's okay that's
okay that's okay that's okay we're good
we're good we're good okay so we just
need to straighten her out a little bit
okay there we go there we go and then I
just got to all over in just
tap tap tap Tapper it's raining down I
mean how do I tell if I in it'll tell
you there turn green
yeah woo now you got hit the trailer
unattach switch on the button box
trailer
unattach
decoupling
nice there you go l 61
hours so this is how you end up with
negative
money the last thing I told Mazo we'd
mention is that the Xbox wheel is
modable with different frames around it
and on PC you've got all kinds of
different options for wheels that can go
onto their wheelbases if you guys
enjoyed this video you might enjoy the
time we checked out a $30 racing setup
versus a $10,000 racing setup that was a
lot of fun